# Hdag
DAG (Directed Acyclic Graph) is a directed acyclic graph. It was originally a commonly used data structure in the computer field. Because of the excellent characteristics brought by the unique topological structure, it is often used to process dynamic planning, search for the shortest path and data in navigation. Multiple algorithm scenarios such as compression. As the latest competitive technology for distributed ledgers, DAG can be used to solve the efficiency problems of traditional blockchains. The traditional blockchain has only a single chain, and blocks can not be executed concurrently, while the mesh topology of DAG can be written concurrently. By upgrading synchronous accounting to asynchronous accounting, DAG is considered to be able to solve the high concurrency problem of traditional blockchains and is an innovation in blockchain from capacity to speed. HarmonyDAG is a new generation of value exchange network based on DAG technology. It will be committed to greatly improving the underlying processing efficiency and providing highly scalable smart contracts. Based on the current HarmonyDAG 1.0, we will gradually study and implement the following improvements:
1.	Optimize P2P network communication components: replace the self-maintained P2P network communication components in the existing code, and will use the libp2p component developed by Protocol Labs to obtain better transmission performance, NAT penetration capabilities and encrypted channels;
2.	Optimize ledger data storage components: DAG technology processing performance strongly depends on the computing power of ledger data storage components for graph operations. Existing components cannot support large-scale graph operations. We will choose based on the requirements for graph operations and different node types. Appropriate graph database to obtain better processing performance;
3.	Establish a new witness consensus mechanism: At present, the witness node is too centralized and lacks an incentive mechanism. The witness node pool will be introduced and motivated, and users will vote to select a new witness node;
4.	Support for Turing-complete smart contracts: On the basis of existing scripted non-Turing-complete smart contracts, introduce new secure computing virtual containers to support Turing-complete smart contracts.
As an emerging blockchain technology, DAG technology is still in the stage of rapid development and iterative innovation. HarmonyDAG will actively promote the development and application of DAG technology to build a safer and more efficient value exchange network.

